# Nadia, 2024-12-31

## Context

Nadia has built https://nadia.apps.garden/ with some help.
She does not program professionally, but is technically minded.
She has had some experience with HTML, CSS and Javascript.

## Problem statement

I asked Nadia to read [/notebooks/journal#2024-12-31](/notebooks/journal#2024-12-31), to get feedback on:

1. Whether what I'd written made sense
2. What kinds of questions she was left with after reading
3. What other thoughts she had.

## Notes

from Nadia's perspective.

General comments:

- `def` and `defn` - what's the difference?
  That has been a source of confusion.

- What do I need to "set up" in order to run code?
  You know the stuff you set up on https://nadia.apps.garden/ before we started programming.

- What are common mistakes beginners make?
  Perhaps write a list, and how to solve them.

- What happens when I press the key binding I have to press to make stuff happen in VSCode? (`option+enter`)
  Did it save the file?
  Did it do something else?
  I don't really understand what it does?

Suggestions for teaching material:

- Explanations for technical topics often skip things that seem obvious for experts.
  Please don't skip those things!

- If you make a video, plese explain what I (the one watching the video) should do.
  Should I put the video on half the screen and something else on the other half?
  Something else?
  Just suggest a reasonable way to do it.

- Include images!
  Don't just write words.
  Show me images on what I should see on my screen if I'm doing it right.

- Don't force me to read a long story about why Clojure is awesome if I just want to try it out!
  Just let me do it myself, now!
